# GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Tags** | Pointer to [**map[string]Tags1**](Tags1.md) | A set of tags to limit the search to. Deprecated and may be removed in the future. | [optional] 
**Query** | **string** | Query for which to get related chunks and embeddings. | 
**QueryVector** | Pointer to **[]float32** | Optional query vector for which to get related chunks and embeddings. It must have been         generated by the same model used to generate the embeddings across which the search is being conducted. Cannot         provide both &#x60;query&#x60; and &#x60;query_vector&#x60;. | [optional] 
**K** | **int32** | Number of related chunks to return. | 
**FileIds** | Pointer to **[]int32** | Optional list of file IDs to limit the search to | [optional] 
**ParentFileIds** | Pointer to **[]int32** | Optional list of parent file IDs to limit the search to. A parent file describes a file to which         another file belongs (e.g. a folder) | [optional] 
**TagsV2** | Pointer to **map[string]interface{}** | A set of tags to limit the search to. Use this instead of &#x60;tags&#x60;, which is deprecated. | [optional] 
**IncludeTags** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Flag to control whether or not to include tags for each chunk in the response. | [optional] 
**IncludeVectors** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Flag to control whether or not to include embedding vectors in the response. | [optional] 
**IncludeRawFile** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Flag to control whether or not to include a signed URL to the raw file containing each chunk         in the response. | [optional] 
**HybridSearch** | Pointer to **NullableBool** | Flag to control whether or not to perform hybrid search. | [optional] 
**HybridSearchTuningParameters** | Pointer to [**NullableHybridSearchTuningParamsNullable**](HybridSearchTuningParamsNullable.md) |  | [optional] 
**MediaType** | Pointer to [**NullableFileContentTypesNullable**](FileContentTypesNullable.md) |  | [optional] [default to FILECONTENTTYPESNULLABLE_TEXT]
**EmbeddingModel** | Pointer to [**NullableEmbeddingGeneratorsNullable**](EmbeddingGeneratorsNullable.md) |  | [optional] [default to EMBEDDINGGENERATORSNULLABLE_OPENAI]

## Methods

### NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBody

`func NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBody(query string, k int32, ) *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody`

NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBody instantiates a new GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBodyWithDefaults

`func NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBodyWithDefaults() *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody`

NewGetEmbeddingDocumentsBodyWithDefaults instantiates a new GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetTags() map[string]Tags1`

GetTags returns the Tags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetTagsOk() (*map[string]Tags1, bool)`

GetTagsOk returns a tuple with the Tags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetTags(v map[string]Tags1)`

SetTags sets Tags field to given value.

### HasTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasTags() bool`

HasTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTagsNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetTagsNil(b bool)`

 SetTagsNil sets the value for Tags to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTags
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetTags()`

UnsetTags ensures that no value is present for Tags, not even an explicit nil
### GetQuery

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetQuery() string`

GetQuery returns the Query field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueryOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetQueryOk() (*string, bool)`

GetQueryOk returns a tuple with the Query field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQuery

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetQuery(v string)`

SetQuery sets Query field to given value.


### GetQueryVector

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetQueryVector() []float32`

GetQueryVector returns the QueryVector field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetQueryVectorOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetQueryVectorOk() (*[]float32, bool)`

GetQueryVectorOk returns a tuple with the QueryVector field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetQueryVector

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetQueryVector(v []float32)`

SetQueryVector sets QueryVector field to given value.

### HasQueryVector

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasQueryVector() bool`

HasQueryVector returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetQueryVectorNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetQueryVectorNil(b bool)`

 SetQueryVectorNil sets the value for QueryVector to be an explicit nil

### UnsetQueryVector
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetQueryVector()`

UnsetQueryVector ensures that no value is present for QueryVector, not even an explicit nil
### GetK

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetK() int32`

GetK returns the K field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetKOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetKOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetKOk returns a tuple with the K field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetK

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetK(v int32)`

SetK sets K field to given value.


### GetFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetFileIds() []int32`

GetFileIds returns the FileIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetFileIdsOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetFileIdsOk() (*[]int32, bool)`

GetFileIdsOk returns a tuple with the FileIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetFileIds(v []int32)`

SetFileIds sets FileIds field to given value.

### HasFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasFileIds() bool`

HasFileIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetFileIdsNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetFileIdsNil(b bool)`

 SetFileIdsNil sets the value for FileIds to be an explicit nil

### UnsetFileIds
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetFileIds()`

UnsetFileIds ensures that no value is present for FileIds, not even an explicit nil
### GetParentFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetParentFileIds() []int32`

GetParentFileIds returns the ParentFileIds field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetParentFileIdsOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetParentFileIdsOk() (*[]int32, bool)`

GetParentFileIdsOk returns a tuple with the ParentFileIds field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetParentFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetParentFileIds(v []int32)`

SetParentFileIds sets ParentFileIds field to given value.

### HasParentFileIds

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasParentFileIds() bool`

HasParentFileIds returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetParentFileIdsNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetParentFileIdsNil(b bool)`

 SetParentFileIdsNil sets the value for ParentFileIds to be an explicit nil

### UnsetParentFileIds
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetParentFileIds()`

UnsetParentFileIds ensures that no value is present for ParentFileIds, not even an explicit nil
### GetTagsV2

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetTagsV2() map[string]interface{}`

GetTagsV2 returns the TagsV2 field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTagsV2Ok

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetTagsV2Ok() (*map[string]interface{}, bool)`

GetTagsV2Ok returns a tuple with the TagsV2 field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTagsV2

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetTagsV2(v map[string]interface{})`

SetTagsV2 sets TagsV2 field to given value.

### HasTagsV2

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasTagsV2() bool`

HasTagsV2 returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetTagsV2Nil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetTagsV2Nil(b bool)`

 SetTagsV2Nil sets the value for TagsV2 to be an explicit nil

### UnsetTagsV2
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetTagsV2()`

UnsetTagsV2 ensures that no value is present for TagsV2, not even an explicit nil
### GetIncludeTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeTags() bool`

GetIncludeTags returns the IncludeTags field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeTagsOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeTagsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeTagsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeTags field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeTags(v bool)`

SetIncludeTags sets IncludeTags field to given value.

### HasIncludeTags

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasIncludeTags() bool`

HasIncludeTags returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludeTagsNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeTagsNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludeTagsNil sets the value for IncludeTags to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludeTags
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetIncludeTags()`

UnsetIncludeTags ensures that no value is present for IncludeTags, not even an explicit nil
### GetIncludeVectors

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeVectors() bool`

GetIncludeVectors returns the IncludeVectors field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeVectorsOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeVectorsOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeVectorsOk returns a tuple with the IncludeVectors field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeVectors

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeVectors(v bool)`

SetIncludeVectors sets IncludeVectors field to given value.

### HasIncludeVectors

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasIncludeVectors() bool`

HasIncludeVectors returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludeVectorsNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeVectorsNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludeVectorsNil sets the value for IncludeVectors to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludeVectors
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetIncludeVectors()`

UnsetIncludeVectors ensures that no value is present for IncludeVectors, not even an explicit nil
### GetIncludeRawFile

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeRawFile() bool`

GetIncludeRawFile returns the IncludeRawFile field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIncludeRawFileOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetIncludeRawFileOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetIncludeRawFileOk returns a tuple with the IncludeRawFile field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetIncludeRawFile

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeRawFile(v bool)`

SetIncludeRawFile sets IncludeRawFile field to given value.

### HasIncludeRawFile

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasIncludeRawFile() bool`

HasIncludeRawFile returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetIncludeRawFileNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetIncludeRawFileNil(b bool)`

 SetIncludeRawFileNil sets the value for IncludeRawFile to be an explicit nil

### UnsetIncludeRawFile
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetIncludeRawFile()`

UnsetIncludeRawFile ensures that no value is present for IncludeRawFile, not even an explicit nil
### GetHybridSearch

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetHybridSearch() bool`

GetHybridSearch returns the HybridSearch field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHybridSearchOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetHybridSearchOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetHybridSearchOk returns a tuple with the HybridSearch field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHybridSearch

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetHybridSearch(v bool)`

SetHybridSearch sets HybridSearch field to given value.

### HasHybridSearch

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasHybridSearch() bool`

HasHybridSearch returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHybridSearchNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetHybridSearchNil(b bool)`

 SetHybridSearchNil sets the value for HybridSearch to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHybridSearch
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetHybridSearch()`

UnsetHybridSearch ensures that no value is present for HybridSearch, not even an explicit nil
### GetHybridSearchTuningParameters

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetHybridSearchTuningParameters() HybridSearchTuningParamsNullable`

GetHybridSearchTuningParameters returns the HybridSearchTuningParameters field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetHybridSearchTuningParametersOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetHybridSearchTuningParametersOk() (*HybridSearchTuningParamsNullable, bool)`

GetHybridSearchTuningParametersOk returns a tuple with the HybridSearchTuningParameters field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetHybridSearchTuningParameters

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetHybridSearchTuningParameters(v HybridSearchTuningParamsNullable)`

SetHybridSearchTuningParameters sets HybridSearchTuningParameters field to given value.

### HasHybridSearchTuningParameters

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasHybridSearchTuningParameters() bool`

HasHybridSearchTuningParameters returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetHybridSearchTuningParametersNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetHybridSearchTuningParametersNil(b bool)`

 SetHybridSearchTuningParametersNil sets the value for HybridSearchTuningParameters to be an explicit nil

### UnsetHybridSearchTuningParameters
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetHybridSearchTuningParameters()`

UnsetHybridSearchTuningParameters ensures that no value is present for HybridSearchTuningParameters, not even an explicit nil
### GetMediaType

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetMediaType() FileContentTypesNullable`

GetMediaType returns the MediaType field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetMediaTypeOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetMediaTypeOk() (*FileContentTypesNullable, bool)`

GetMediaTypeOk returns a tuple with the MediaType field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetMediaType

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetMediaType(v FileContentTypesNullable)`

SetMediaType sets MediaType field to given value.

### HasMediaType

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasMediaType() bool`

HasMediaType returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetMediaTypeNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetMediaTypeNil(b bool)`

 SetMediaTypeNil sets the value for MediaType to be an explicit nil

### UnsetMediaType
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetMediaType()`

UnsetMediaType ensures that no value is present for MediaType, not even an explicit nil
### GetEmbeddingModel

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetEmbeddingModel() EmbeddingGeneratorsNullable`

GetEmbeddingModel returns the EmbeddingModel field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetEmbeddingModelOk

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) GetEmbeddingModelOk() (*EmbeddingGeneratorsNullable, bool)`

GetEmbeddingModelOk returns a tuple with the EmbeddingModel field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetEmbeddingModel

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetEmbeddingModel(v EmbeddingGeneratorsNullable)`

SetEmbeddingModel sets EmbeddingModel field to given value.

### HasEmbeddingModel

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) HasEmbeddingModel() bool`

HasEmbeddingModel returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### SetEmbeddingModelNil

`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) SetEmbeddingModelNil(b bool)`

 SetEmbeddingModelNil sets the value for EmbeddingModel to be an explicit nil

### UnsetEmbeddingModel
`func (o *GetEmbeddingDocumentsBody) UnsetEmbeddingModel()`

UnsetEmbeddingModel ensures that no value is present for EmbeddingModel, not even an explicit nil

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


